[minor_change] Added mac attribute to the resource "mso_schema_site_bd" (#214)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-mso: website/docs/d/schema_site_bd.html.markdown

## Argument Reference ##

* `schema_id` - (Required) SchemaID under which you want to deploy the Site bridge domain.
* `site_id` - (Required) SiteID under which you want to deploy the bridge domain.
* `bd_name` - (Required) Name of the Site bridge domain. The name of the bridge domain should be present in the bridge domain list of the given `schema_id` and `template_name`

## Attribute Reference ##

> * `template_name` - (Optional) Template where Site Bd to be created.

Reviewer: This should be required and under argument reference

Author: ok

> * `host_route` - (Optional) Value to check whether host-based routing is enabled. Default value is `false`.
> * `svi_mac` - (Optional) Value of the SVI MAC Address.

Reviewer: When computed is used please document as read-only, because providing as input will error that computed value can not be passed as input.

```suggestion
* `host_route` - (Read-Only) Value to check whether host-based routing is enabled. Default value is `false`.
* `svi_mac` - (Read-Only) Value of the SVI MAC Address.
```

Author: ok

> * `host_route` - (Read-Only) Value to check whether host-based routing is enabled. Default value is `false`.

Reviewer: Don't think we need default specified on datasource

```suggestion
* `host_route` - (Read-Only) Value to check whether host-based routing is enabled.
```

Author: ok
